Shaping the city skyline, adding structural and aesthetic value
to buildings, laying solid foundations that give people the
confidence to build upon – these are the ideals that Yongnam has
become synonymous with, as it grows from strength to strength,
year after year.

Steel is increasingly the material of choice for the
construction of buildings and temporary support for
deep excavations. The advantages of using steel over
conventional material such as concrete for building
construction are numerous. The higher speed of
construction, superior material strength to volume ratio,
flexibility in design and aesthetics are just some of the
benefits of using steel.
With 40 years of experience in steel fabrication,
Yongnam excels in adding value to steel construction.
The Group’s two production facilities in Singapore and
Nusajaya, Johor, Malaysia have a total annual production
capacity of 78,000 tonnes of steel fabrication. Yongnam
utilizes the latest fabrication technologies and design

innovation to offer solutions to its clients on a fast-
track basis. Our modular strutting system continues to

give the Group a strong competitive edge in meeting
increasingly stringent design and project requirements
in infrastructure and construction projects. With a
traceability procedure that meets the requirements of
the Singapore Building and Construction Authority, our

modular strutting system is the first to be certified by an
independent auditor for reusability in earth retaining or
stabilizing structures.
Yongnam’s technical and value engineering solutions for
steel fabrication and erection have resulted in increased

productivity, improved yield and lower costs. Our in-
house pool of experienced and qualified engineers,

detailers, technicians, welders, riggers and fitters are
consistently adding value to our clients’ projects.
Yongnam is an ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004 and OSHAS
18001:2007 certified company and accredited fabricator
of the highest S1 category from the Singapore Structural
Steel Society. Our Quality Management System takes a
planned approach towards continuous improvement of
our products, processes and services. Yongnam has also
achieved a bizSAFE Star Level award.
Moving forward, Yongnam aims to be the provider of
choice and partner in solutions for the steel construction
industry.

